feat: unit tests (#11)
ChainSafe/near-snap: README.md

Metamask Snap to enable Metamask users to interact with Near dapps.

## Known issue's

> * currently `getKeyPair` is implement using secp256k curve after metamask implement ed25519 entropy we will rewrite method to fix creating keyring with ed25519 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* currently `getKeyPair` is using BIP32 with the secp256k curve. Once Metamask implements the method to get BIP32 entropy with the ed25519 curve, we will implement a fix to derive the proper key. 
```
